- Mantid developer meeting Monday-Tuesday noon
- Pin down topics coverage for the Dev meeting
- Number of participants: 14 (7 ISIS, 3 ORNL, 1 MLZ, 3 ILL)

Ideas
-----
- Mantid CI discussion - build servers with video conference
- Rewrite of instrument view
- What has always bugged me about mantid is...
- Request from users on Debugging review with various IDEs
- What is a reasonable size for a PR? Is there a maximum size?
- What is the future of scientific interfaces and mantid modularization?
  - How would we break out interfaces so they can be discovered?
  - Questions about documentation
- The move to numpy v2
